I took her out, it was a Friday night
I wore cologne to get the feeling right
We started making out And she took off my pants But then I turned on the TV
And that's about the time she walked away from me
Nobody likes you when you're 23
And are still more amused by TV shows What the hell is ADD?
My friends say I should act my age What's my age again?
Then later on, on the drive home I called her mom from a payphone
I said I was the cops and your husband's in jail
This state looks down on sodomy
And that's about the time that bitch hung up on me
And are still more amused by prank phone calls
What the hell is call ID?
And you still act like you're in freshman year
What the hell is wrong with me? (What's my age again?)
No one should take themselves so seriously (please stay with me)
With many years ahead to fall in line (please stay with me)
Why would you wish that on me?
I never wanna act my age (please stay with me)
remember times I had some were happy some were sad
memories me and my partners in crime throwing up a thousand times
I got through it I feel fine
I went to school and did my time
In a sense I'm out in a sense I'm free to be what I want to be
Fun was cartoons Saturdays
Fun was staying up past eight
lame was tring to fit in lame was the wrong crowd let me it
YOu gotta stick together
with who you are and who you know You gotta remember
Where you've been and where you want to go
I never did homework after school
did all the things I thought were cool
went out every Friday night
I still do and I'm alright.
Hey, don't write yourself off yet
It's only in your head, you feel left out
Or looked down on  Just try your best
Try everything you can
And don't you worry what they tell themselves
When you're away It just takes some time
Little girl, you're in the middle of the ride
Everything, everything'll be just fine
Everything, everything'll be alright, alright
Hey, you know they're all the same
You know you're doing better on your own (on your own)
So don't buy in Live right now
Yeah, just be yourself
It doesn't matter if it's good enough (good enough)
For someone else
It's only in your head, you feel left out (feel left out)
Just do your best (just do your best)
Do everything you can (do everything you can)
And don't you worry what their bitter hearts (bitter hearts)
Are gonna say
Everything, everything'll be alright
The needle on my record player has been wearing thin
This record has been playing since the day you've been with him
No more long rides home, no more of your station I didn't like it anyways
Remember the time we wrote our names upon the wall?
Remember the time we realized "Thriller" was our favorite song?
Have I waited too long? Have I found that someone?
Have I waited too long to see you?
Maybe it's for the best, maybe it's not for anything
It wouldn't be so bad to take this right from me
How many times I've tried? It's simple to you, so simple to lie
How many times I've tried? Blatant mistakes of your design
(I've had so many chances, turn my back and I ran away)
(I've had so many chances to see you)
Am I more than you bargained for yet?
I've been dying to tell you anything you wanna hear
'Cause that's just who I am this week
Lie in the grass next to the mausoleum
I'm just a notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song
(Notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song)
Drop a heart And break a name
We're always sleeping in, and sleeping For the wrong team
We're going down, down in an earlier round
And sugar, we're going down swinging
I'll be your number one with a bullet
A loaded god complex, cock it and pull it
Is this more than you bargained for yet?
Oh, don't mind me, I'm watching you two from the closet
Wishing to be the friction in your jeans
Isn't it messed up how I'm just dying to be him?
Down, down in an earlier round
we're going down, down in an earlier round (take aim at myself)
And sugar, we're going down swinging (take back what you said)
I'll be your number one with a bullet (take aim at myself)
Last night I had a dream that we went to Disneyland,
Went on all the rides, didn't have to wait in line.
I drove you to your house where we stared up at the stars
I listened to your heartbeat as I held you in my arms.
We hung out at the rainbow where we drank til' half past two.
Nothing could go wrong anytime that I'm with you.
Like crashing a hotel room or leading up to that first kiss
Or searching for a high school that you know doesn't exist
These are the things that make me free
I feel like I'm stuck in "stand by me"
This night was too good to be true.
Today I woke up alone wishing you were here with me,
I wanted us to be something that we'd probably never be.
Today you called me up and said you'd see me at our show,
But now I'm stuck debating if I even want to go.
Whitney, don't you understand here what I say is true?
I just want you to know I have a major crush on you.
I'd drive you to Las Vegas and do the things you want to do
I'd even have Wayne Newton dedicate a song to you.
I only wish that this could be Just dump your boyfriend and go out with me
I swear I'd treat you like a queen.
There's a place off Ocean Avenue
Where I used to sit and talk with you
We were both sixteen and it felt so right
Sleepin' all day, stayin' up all night
Stayin' up all night
There's a place on the corner of Cherry Street
We would walk on the beach in our bare feet
We were both eighteen and it felt so right
If I could find you now, things would get better
We could leave this town and run forever
I know somewhere, somehow, we'll be together
Let your waves crash down on me and take me away
There's a piece of you that's here with me
It's everywhere I go, it's everything I see
When I sleep, I dream, and it gets me by
I can make-believe that you're here tonight
That you're here tonight I remember the look in your eyes
When I told you that this was goodbye You were begging me, not tonight Not here, not now
We're looking up at the same night sky (Ooh)
And keep pretendin' the sun will not rise (Ooh)
We'll be together for one more night (Ooh)
Awake at ground zero, Another day wasting away, Nothing seems to matter,
'Cause nothing's ever changed. California dreamin', Has never meant that much to me,
When living in this nightmare, Comes so easily.
Holding on...
When I don't belong...
If this is right, then I can't go wrong,
Holding on... But I know right now I'll never make it. Maybe I'll wake up tomorrow,
And figure out where to begin. Maybe I won't feel so hollow,
But I'm pretty sure that I'll be sleeping in.
Days seem like they're decades,And minutes pass like years gone by,
Still I sit here wasting, The time of my life.
California dreamin', Will never mean that much to me,
And you will never understand, How it feels to be... Holding on... When you don't belong...
When you don't feel right, But it's all you got...
Holding on... But I'm pretty sure I'll never make it.
Maybe I'll wake up tomorrow, And figure out where to begin.
And maybe I won't feel so hollow...
It's 3 A.M., (It's 3 A.M.)
It feels like these stone walls are caving in. Please tell me I'm not alone
(I'm not alone...) 'Cause I'm tired of sleeping in!
(Whoa!) Maybe I'll wake up tomorrow... (Whoa!) And figure out where to begin...
(Whoa!) Maybe I won't feel so hollow,
But I'm pretty sure I'll be sleeping in.
